#Yendorshone/magic
The arena's gates beckon you, even as you step away from them. The fights today were not exceptionally difficult, but they left you drained, and taking the rest of this day slowly would be a good idea. Perhaps the librar- 
A clack of boots on cold, stone floor.
*Swish*
Lean back to avoid the blade, not too far, or you'll lose your balance
*ThwupThwupThwup*
Jump over the roller's missiles, only Drawing when it is absolutely necessary, as you don't have much mana left. Mana is such a weird word to use for that, isn't it?
*Slam*
Stay focused now. You can feel the chicken rotting to its bones as you starting Drawing at full strength to avoid the newly fallen pedestal. Someone's going to have to pay for that, and that someone is probably you.
They've momentarily retreated now, just two mages, but with strength beyond almost anyone I've ever faced. Thankfully, you are stronger than them, or they would be in your position right now. Unfortunately, the aforementioned tiring day has left you with little endurance left, and a miniscule amount of mana to spare. You can see the distinctive packs hanging from their belts, just begging you to take them... The taller one, a crusher, steps forward.
"You know why we are here," voice seemingly emanating from his large frame, "and you know what you must do. Submit!"
The ceiling begins groaning, cracks spreading at an alarming rate, the vines and ice and damage of a thousand years' life coming over the surface in a single moment. Notice the cracks forming around his feet. Typical. All strength and no control. But if he can't control the breaking? 
The first piece falls directly towards Tall Idiot, who dodges at the last moment, panting. He's even worse than you thought; they can't possibly be planning to survive this on their own. Where's the hidden healer? No time to think now, though. The roller has procured darts, flinging them *whingwhinghwing* through the air. They're to fast to dodge, so you simply move out of the way before they're thrown. Child's play, and he isn't even hiding his movements. Just left, right, left, right,
You feel the trap before it closes. A single point, right where you were about to step, crumbling into endless infinities of torment, ready to swallow you whole. No time to appreciate the slammer's sudden increase in skill, however, as the nigh underestimated roller's shot is currently doing rather well in its attempt to enter your heart.
A quick, light step back, fully Drawing now. You can heal from anything almost instantly, but a shot directly to the heart would take you out before your healing would have time to fix you. And so, the dodge. You lean backwards to take even more velocity from the projectile, slow its path through time, revert your skin to its state before the dart had begun its terrible path. It's not enough. Your mind, now heightened to sense milliseconds like hours, can see the life fleeing from your body. You Draw even harder. The chicken's bones crack and pop, crumbling into unusable dust like the fleeting moments of your quickly vanishing life. You began moving your hand as a last resort the moment you felt your balance fail, and now, twenty milliseconds later, it is in position. It contacts a cockroach, one of several constantly crawling over your body to serve as mana in a last resort.  By the time its dust has blown away, you are already dodging the next shot, thankful at your miraculous, if even now brief, continued experience alive. 
The thrower, however, heard bones crumbling, cracking, and knows exactly what the sound means for your mana supply. He chuckles. A long, lazy laugh before almost carelessly tossing another dart your way. But this time, he was the one to underestimate you. Placing your left foot firmly on the ground, your right swings swiftly, confidently towards the shape of a man huddled behind a pillar, contacting his mana pouch just in time to catch the next blow with your arm, then handspring backwards into a crouch, newly acquired mana attached to your left foot. Found the healer, you smirk.
Rushing forward, you feel the weight of a whole animal resting comfortably on your side as you easily dodge the roller's first attack, jump over the second one, and plant a superhumanly fast fist directly into his face.
Ducking under a section of roof the slammer expertly crumbled directly to where it will do the most damage, you finally realize who sent them. Lacore the muse can make a man's skill behave as if a hundred years had been spent practicing it. He must, however, be nearby to act, so you again start searching again for some hidden figure.
Grunting, you dodge another massive slab of solid stone, noting the now alarmingly wide-open sky while placing another yet fist into the roller's fleshy soon-to-be-corpse, but, alarmingly, he withstands it. A second aptitude? Impressive. I'll have to be a bit more creative next time.
Positioning yourself carefully, you dodge another dart, jump over another hole, move ever-towards the center of this room. Holes, opening in the floor all around you. Jump. Step. Slap. You pretend to lose your balance, teetering over the edge of the hole. Jumping at the opportunity to finally land a hit, the crusher bends his entire strength into one massive section of ceiling, bringing an entire building crashing towards you. Crashing towards you, and the roller, carefully positioned so, now that you've effortlessly dodged the attack, even his bones will be vanquished from the face of the planet as the force of a thousand years' strain and around a thousand tons of building catch the man in a direct hit. Maybe Lacore should have increased their wisdom instead %%wow, cool one-liner Matthew, great job you're so good at this%%.
You notice the healer foolishly attempting to get away, so you Draw his chicken, not even half-gone now, dropping a stalactite from one thousand years in the future directly onto his head. Moving to mop up the final man, you use the crusher's own trick against him, crumbling the ground underneath his feet before completing your own favored strategy of growing the plants to completely enmesh his body. just one punch, and it's over. Three men lay dead at your feet: one killed by his own friend, one skewered through the head, and one dying in a sepulcher of vines. You look around, breathing hard, and *finally* notice Lacore on a still-standing balcony up above. What you are less relieved to see, however, are the twenty men standing behind him, all poised with pistols ready to be fired. Those are definitely *not* allowed in the arena.
"Nice fight there, Dirgon." He chuckles darkly, the soldiers joining him in a frankly rather terrifying chorus of guffaws.
"And I see you couldn't be bothered to follow the regulations?" I ask, hiding the quaver in my voice. Darts are one thing, but bullets already travel faster than I can dodge, and twenty at once?
"Don't worry. In a couple minutes, you'll be dead, and you won't ever have to think about it again." Fair point, that. These odds appear overwhelming. And yet, you cannot simply stand and accept defeat. If you had done that when facing the previous champion, you wouldn't even be getting killed today! You'd probably be doing something boring! In a field somewhere! You start scrambling for a solution.
"No reply?" he asks, "that's fine, I'll just kill you now." Wait. No. You haven't had enough time to plan. Before he even begins to signal your execution, you begin Drawing fully. Your mind expands, speeding to full burst. The bullets will be shot within the next two hundred milliseconds, and then you will be extremely dead before your atoms even have time to... do whatever atoms do in their spare time%%again, great one, Matthew. Loving the creativity here%%.  And so, you think. Even the most modern guns are susceptible to water damage, but the power required to call a rainstorm, create droplets, and send them piercing downwards would take much more than the single chicken you possess, and with only one hundred seventy-three milliseconds left... You'll need to find a different solution. One hundred seventy-two. One hundred seventy-one. No, that's too slow. You have to make a statement, ensure Lacore doesn't come back next time with two hundred gunmen instead of twenty. And you have to do it within the next one hundred-sixty eight milliseconds. At last, a flash of blue catches your eye. That... would deal with the guns. That would be fast enough for you. And that would most certainly make a statement. Smirking, you Draw fully as you can, releasing the speed of your mind, pouring everything into-
*Splat*
*Splat*
*splasplsplatsplatsplatpsplatsptap*
Through the broken roof you see a beautiful vision. Flying above, in a beautiful display of gastrointestinal manipulation, a flock of birds lends their fruit to your cause. Lacore and his minions hit, again and again, with a singular rain made solely of birds' droppings. He gasps in shock.
You know the birds will run out eventually, and your chicken is failing fast, but still, you watch the glorious scene. They are *covered* in the stuff now, so deeply that it will likely never come out, and so pitifully that you just have to smile at their former confidence. Just one more moment reveling in the symphonious defeat of your enemies before you turn, walk away, and wonder when someone will finally replace you as champion.