#symposium
The explosions had sounded distant to them; like they wouldn't hurt anyone. Anyone anyone knew, at least. Something was always going up in flames during those days, and the people were so numb at that point that they simply continued about their days instead of entering one of the many, readily available shelters located along every street.
Then, the aftermath happened.
A full explanation of the mechanics surrounding explosion production is beyond the scope of what you or I will ever truly understand. Put simply, however, a large amount of force is transmitted to the pocket dimension of some unlucky fellow's soul. Later, that force can be released by placing said unlucky fellow by a strategic target, releasing his soul's energy, and watching the big boom. Various techniques were discovered and subsequently guarded for allowing a soul to store more energy by various nation-states, but none of them expected the sheer magnitude of force which that final explosion released.
Their society had, after all, only recently discovered that food could be grown rather than scavenged, or that stones could be arranged to form more permanent shelter. They weren't supposed to have such impact on the world which was so much their better.
Perhaps they should have made a truce, decided that such firepower was unnecessary against armies wielding sharp sticks and clothed with wooden armor. But society was still young, then, and again, no one expected that such an event could even happen.
It didn't matter now, however.
That one explosion had triggered a chain reaction, destroying wildlife, trees, the ground and the sky until earth was uninhabitable for humans. By that point, however, there *were* no humans anymore. Another effect of that so untested magic was an increased rate of mutation, and those mutations which occurred seemed odd, somehow. Magical. The first new Vein were called Horns, after the large, horn-shaped gills which developed, allowing its members access to water previously unknown to human touch. Next came Flights, then Actors, Beetles, Plants, and Palaces. Such mutation only occurred within the members of humanity, so they theorized that the magic was tied to their species, that there might even be a way to harness it. From these simple schemes emerged, victorious, The Change.
Like any other mutation, it occurred randomly, and changed those affected by it. Unlike any other mutation, it was not persistent along genetic lines, nor was it more likely to occur in certain families. Each person born - Burrow, Aria, or even Palace - had a 0.0273 percent chance of entering The Change. Their ranks were oddly secretive for a group dedicated to the wellbeing of humanity, and their methods at times seemed deplorable, but none could argue against the effectiveness of their salvation. Thanks to The Change, food - produced by Plants - became possible again, and they ensured that every community had its own Palace to stay aloft above the planet's new, unsurvivable storms. Over the years, they started to fall apart after a century-odd period of extremely poor leaders, but remnants of their order exist even today.

Thus, society stands like this: Palaces are large creatures on which almost every modern human survives. It is believed that Palaces have lost their sentience, though some believe that they think still. Flights keep Palaces aloft by way of their impossibly strong wings and force of will. They do not seem to be at the level of sapience, but do possess some amount of sentience still. Plants are said to be the least aware of any Vein, and now simply fulfill the function which plants of old once did. Their greenhouses are highly prized among colonies, as they represent the only source of food available in this modern world.
The Change occurs just as often, though its members are no longer recruited at childbirth. They possess a magic of mutation, such that their differences from the original humanity can be temporarily amplified, in exchange for later reduction of the same. Greater mutations require greater strength in each user, and more specific ones require greater control. Afterwards, however, all face the same fate: if too much change is utilized, then one will return to the imbecility of humanity and perish upon an uninhabitable world once called home.
Violence, though the cause of our situation, has not even slightly decreased, though explosions are thankfully disallowed, and may even be impossible to create with modern magics. The largest array of modern man places their thoughts solely upon how best to assimilate the Palaces of others, as resources and living space are still extremely scarce. Palaces reproduce by way of gemmulation, which takes an exceptional amount more time and food than is truly practical for the world today. The only real way to get more space, therefore, is by having one Palace consume another, which results in exceptional growth, though some surface area is still lost. The largest Palace today is Orephius, which consumed sixty-eight other Palaces to achieve its incredible size. Lastly, Cloaks are one of the most intelligent Veins, but their job is one of the most simple. Simply by touching another Vein in large enough numbers, that Vein will become undetectable, even to other Cloaks. This, truly, was what kept modern society from destroying itself.
Then, the Skyglass came.

They were a typical volt of Emotes. Tending to greenhouses every day was their toil, the food produced their reward. The Plants were quiet, mostly, 