#Yendorshone
## I
I died today. Just a little, I think. But it still hurt. The winter breeze was swirling around me as I walked along my family's field. I had recently returned from a town center meeting, and was wondering what to-  
Until I wasn’t. Until the world was flashing green and purple and blue and red, our field was swimming around me, and the trees all had on their widest grins.
The world was blurry and dark when I woke, my thoughts unfocused and my emotions cold. Who were these insectile creatures chittering around me, too idiotic to know that I could kill them all effortlessly? Moving to do just that, I felt a soft hand upon my arm.  
"Don’t move, Virda," the voice was soft and feminine.
"Virda, Virda had a great fall," came a smaller tongue.
"Shhhh, little one. Your sister is still sleeping"
"And I think we’ll have a better time putting her back together again," a man’s voice sounded from above.
Memory sparked, then, and I realized that these voices were those of my own family. Why, then, did I feel so little towards them? They were sounding the same tones as usual, but instead of my typical quiet admiration for their character, I felt only annoyance that they were interrupting this room's silence. Then, looking inward at myself, I realized that everything hurt. My head, my back, even the ends of my hair were in pain. How does that make sense? What had happened?
"You can open your eyes now, Virda," my father never missed anything, and he had undoubtedly noticed my face crinkling in thought. There was no reason to continue sleeping, so I followed my father’s command.
"Virda!" Iria excitedly exclaimed, throwing her little arms around me.
"Careful, Iria," my mother touched her daughter’s shoulder lightly, but the girl just buried her head further into my shoulder. A stabbing pain, and I sat up sharply.
"There she is," my father said, stepping further into the building, "Nice job, Lenelan. The best king’s men I’ve ever seen"
"Would that make you the horses, then?" she asked, unable to restrain herself. The joke was good, and everyone else began chuckling. I didn’t laugh. Standing up slowly, I could still feel the dirt between my toes from walking in that field, and still taste the air from before my fall. I moved my eyes around the room, my home, and wondered what could possibly have happened. Noticing the confused glances I had been giving, my father said
"One of the town boys - Jecketh, I think," his eyes twinkled at that "- saw your fall, and ran to tell us that you had been hit by an explosion. When we saw you just lying there, all quiet and still-
"all like blegh and stuff," Iria helpfully noted. My mother’s smile faltered for a moment.
"Well, I wasn’t scared, but Yoran probably was," she said, fighting against the expressions attempting to appear on her face. An explosion? I suppose that may explain the pain, I thought, but what about my mind?
"We think you stepped on an old landmine from the war," my father had never seen fighting, but spoke about the Orshonian conquest with something nearing reverence. "You were lucky to have survived, much less to recover in only a few days"
”I’m not sure ‘recover’ is the right word to use there,” my mother replied, "she must be in a lot of pain right now." My throat felt dusty and cold, and when I spoke, my voice sounded like a grain cart being transported to the capital.
"Outside?" just a single word, but enough to make me gasp with pain.
"Oh, sure, I suppose," my mother was thrown off-guard by the question, but still placed a hand on my back to help me rise, then looked to my father when I could not.
"Sure, sure, Yoran always comes to save the day," he grumbled, but I saw a secret smile on his face at being able to help his eldest daughter.
  
We all climbed the stairs together. up and out were my only thoughts as we limped outside, with my sister following energetically behind, escape must be mine.
"Play! Play! Play!" she crowed, and I could tell that she had been left wanting for company during my long rest.
We were not long up, however, when a dark man in a dark coat stood from the place where he had been standing, and walked over meaningfully. His hood was up despite the season, covering his face in shadow, and his hands were enveloped in black gloves. The only non-black color I could see on his entire figure was a pattern lightly stenciled on the coat, depicting a symbol of the Orshone. My mother’s whisper was too quiet for me to hear, but I caught its tone. The man’s being here was not good at all.
"You’re lucky this village is so close to the capital, or I may have taken much longer to get here," he began.
"Why are you here?" my father’s reply, so dark upon his typically cheerful face, surprised me. A glimmer of fear shone through my soul, the first emotion which I had held since awakening.
"Well, that’s what I was about to tell you," he responded with a quiet chuckle. He was from the Grand Elite, he said, and he was very happy to see us.
The Grand Elite was made up of the best mages from across Yendorshone, and operated within Grand Tower, of our capital city, Larsosheem. Tales of its decadence and power had permeated our town since I was a girl, made even stronger by our proximity, and its refusal to recognize our town, Everas, as anything more than a village. It was actually because of their need for organic matter that our town existed. What we produced was sent to them through an underground transport, Everas receiving supplies and protection in return.
He said that a magical disturbance had been detected in the village, said that he had been sent to find who had caused it, said that I was about to become a very special girl.
"What will this mean for us?" asked my mother, concern furrowing her brow.
"Oh, we’ll have to see. I’ll complete an interview, and you’ll receive more information with the results," he replied. My mother’s face made it clear that she was not happy with this response, and neither was I. I had just woken up without any idea where I was in the middle of a conversation, been told that I had blown up, and now a mage wanted to talk with me? I still hadn’t even had a chance to talk about my lack of emotion, or what had happened in that field (it wasn’t a mine, I knew that for sure. No mortal weapon could inflict what I had experienced). The sliver of fear in my heart morphed into anger, growing teeth and biting down.
"You've just walked into my town, right after I'm recovering from an injury, refused to listen to my parents, and are taking me to somewhere I don't even know! I'm not following you! I'm not doing anything until you tell me exactly what is going on here, and precisely the minutest detail of the unlikely scenario in which I actually follow you to whatever ridiculous place you're going and do whatever insane thing you want me to do!" My hands were balled up, shaking, and I was breathing hard. When was the last time I'd had an outburst that bad?
"We’ll need to work on that control," the dark man said to me. "Can’t have you doing anything you would regret later." I followed him then, away from my family, my sister still wondering why we weren’t playing already, my mother and father looking on in anguish. I looked back and tried to smile, but my mouth wouldn’t form the expression. I settled for resolve instead.
  
"Well isn’t this fun?" asked the dark man after coming to an empty crossway, flipping off his hood. A surprisingly youthful face greeted me under it, clean shaven and pale. His large forehead and ponderous eyes were accented by a shock of white hair which somehow fit him perfectly. The only thing which didn’t match, then, was his mouth. A small, cruel smile ran across it, smirking at one end when he delivered that 'joke.' He pulled out a clipboard, then simply let go of it. Yet instead of falling, it remained, floating in the air. For him it was a seemingly effortless action, but to me…  
The man has power, thought my cold, dead heart. power so that no one can do this to me ever again.  
"Right, first question," he began.  
"When you fell, what color did the sky turn?" Shock flowed through me. I had known that his presence had something to do with my fall, but that he knew so much was frightening.  
"I..." my throat was still dry from it. "Purple. Red. Green, I think?" He wrote something in his notebook, making a tsk sound as he did so. My already desiccated throat tightened.  
"Right, it will be easiest if we ask this one. Have you heard any voices in your head?"  
"No, I don't think so?" What were these questions? What was he trying to learn by them? What was I now? He made another mark in his notebook, this one with more force. Then, he leaned closer to me.  
"Have you experienced any... personality changes?"  
"Yes."  
He leaned in closer, breath smelling of slaughtered pigs and rancid herbs.  
"Describe them to me." I wasn't sure what to say. This man seemed so dark, would he find favor in my new state? Would anyone? lie, said my heart no one must know what you are. Scarcely knowing what I was doing, I parted my cracked lips  
"I feel... more outgoing (I had always been outgoing), and like I want to work more (another lie), and I feel more towards my sister (he can see right through you)." My hands were shaking, my face completely bloodless. His next mark on the paper was harsh, definitive. I had been caught. He knew what I was. The man slid one foot backwards on the bricks, making a harsh, sliding sound against the total quiet surrounding us. Then, he started grinning wildly.  
"Well, that's easy, then," he said. "We'll be making preparations for your trip now." My... what?  
"We'll provide clothes once you get there, but make sure you take a set for the road, and maybe some chickens so we can practice, " he said, with an uncharacteristically calm demeanor.  
"Where am I going?" He said a trip. To where? What about my family?  
"Well, to Larsosheem, of course. You're a mage," this new air was definitely quite different, but he fit into it just as well as the previous one. I couldn't even see the frown lines anymore, and even his clothing felt lighter, its pattern more pronounced. This man had changed his entire personality in a moment, like it was a hat he felt had gone out of fashion.  
"That's very lucky, you know," he said after I didn't answer. "Not many people get chosen by the magic"  
Was that what caused the vision which had assaulted me earlier? If so, I didn't feel especially lucky because of it. Still, the capital? To learn magic? I felt a glimmer of excitement, the first positive emotion since waking up.  
"Brilliant," I said.  
I never even considered how my family would feel about it.  
  
"No," he said.  
"She's not going," echoed my mother.  
"Well, you don't really have a choice. It is dictated by law," the dark man had come back out, his calmly uttered declarations a sharp contrast to my mother and father's highly emotional ones.  
"Virda has to stay here with me!" cried my sister, ever needy "so we can play house together again!"  
"We have her entire life to look towards, " my mother argued, "She can't simply leave it all behind"  
"Our love, our life, our happiness"  
"You can't simply take her away"  
"This is inane for even suggesting this!"
"She cannot leave"  
"Virda is ours"  
"Forever"  
I tried to find some reason why I should care what these people felt, searching desperately for the remorse which I knew should be inside of me. But nothing came.  
When the dark man started walking away, I followed, leaving my family once again.  
This time, I didn't look back.
## II
I had expected that the dark man would have come through some magical means, and was mentally preparing myself to be teleported or flown or however mages travel'd fifty miles to the capital. I was rather surprised, therefore, when after reaching the boundary of Everas, we simply kept walking. When I asked him why, the man simply mumbled something about insufficient local animal stores and continued walking.
How does he change so often? I thought to myself. Is he controlling it?
Due to my family's argument, I hadn't had time to grab the clothes and food my guide what is his name? had required. Would we stop somewhere to get things? Walk until I starved? My earlier resolution to not have anyone control me was fading. I wondered how long it would take for me to have that level of power.
I hadn't seen anyone traveling near us since leaving town. That likely wasn't unusual, Larsosheem still hadn't built a human-accessible pathway to Everas, but my sliver of fear was made stronger by that fact, despite everything I attempted to fight it with.
"You're shaking again," light face this time, "what's wrong?"
This is my chance to actually get answers, I thought.
"I never grabbed the things you told me to. What are we going to do?" I began.
"Oh, that?" he asked, "Don't worry. I have extras, and this trip should only take us a week or two."
two weeks? Growing up in the town, I had never even spent two days encamped, and now we were to go for a week? Those packs weren't very large. Could they really hold everything we needed? What sort of extras did he mean? Wasn't he feet taller than me? Was I going to have to live as a scavenger for so long? Were we just going to die out here? Laughter was his answer to my paling face, and he said
"That look was beautiful. We should get there by the end of tomorrow, provided you can keep this pace (I bristled at that), and I grabbed your things for you."
For me? I had seen his casual use of power before, but he had never left my sight while we were walking; he couldn't have gotten them by natural means. I truly require use of these abilities, I observed.
"Come, you have more questions, yes?" Light face truly was so different from his counterpart.
"What's your name?" I asked pensively.
"Ivmoshk," he replied. A good start.
"What is magic like?" Instantly, his expression slammed closed.
"None of your business," dark face replied. I sighed and continued walking.
Ivmoshk stayed dark face as we stopped for the night, and set up camp himself. He didn't even use magic this time, and I just stood there, watching him create a small shelter for half an hour. When it was finished, he immediately went to sleep, with no further explanations. Am I supposed to sleep in the same place as him? I shuddered at the thought. But there was no other shelter, and I was exhausted from our full day of travel. Speaking of which, where were my things? Ivmoshk said that he had grabbed them for me, so I went looking for them in his bags.
They were piled, almost carelessly next to the shelter, almost looking for someone to steal them. The bags themselves were more mundane than I would have expected for such a wizard, bar one so filled with lettering and iconography that I could not even make out its original color. This I was also unable to open, though now that I was so close, what was that smell? Why was the scent of rotting chickens emanating from this bag? Anyway, I found nothing unusual in the others, and my promised supplies were all there. I ate bread and uncooked potatoes because there was no fire, then swallowed my revulsion and went to sleep by Ivmoshk.
I had heard a hundred stories about the Larsosheem and its Grand Tower, the architecture and culture of the city contrasting with the cold opulence of its crowning jewel. Seeing it, however, was something else entirely. When Grand Tower crested over the horizon, I thought it seemed quite impressive, and a rather extraordinary work of architecture. Then, it kept going. As we walked, it grew higher and higher over the horizon line, jutting upwards into the sky with a magnificence I could never have dreamed of. And the capital itself wasn't even in view yet. Light face was here now, but I couldn't take my eyes Grand Tower for even the second it would take to gather more knowledge from him. I stopped walking, content simply to bask in the glorious construction before me. I hadn't thought myself able to feel such wonder after what happened, but evidently, such world shattering constructions could break into even my heart. I continued staring at the tower.
"Beautiful, isn't she?" Ivmoshk broke my reverie, "Just imagine how much better it will be when you're inside, studying with all the others who have been chosen."
The mention of others gave me a start. What would they be like? What kinds of people were chosen by magic? Would they be like me? No, said my heart, no one is like you
"How many people will there be?" I asked to break the sudden silence.
"About one hundred," he replied, "not everyone gets to study at the Grand Tower; you're actually quite special."
"What will we be studying?" I asked, the logical next question. Again, his expression became closed. Why does he shut off every time I ask about magic? What is happening with him?
"Where are we going? What is happening? Why so many questions?" his voice was mocking. "You'll see soon enough, little mage. We're almost there."
Indeed we were. As Ivmoshk was berating me, the city itself came into view, and I was surprised once again. After the tower, I had expected a city almost as opulent. Instead, it was practically in ruins. Large, swaying wooden constructions dominated the skyline, their smaller counterparts cast in such shadow that they were almost invisible next to the Grand Tower. As we got closer, the stench hit me first. It smelt as though there were several forests' worth of decaying trees and animals, enough that I started looking around for a source for whatever catastrophe had occurred here. Ivmoshk chuckled darkly at my wrinkled nose, commenting on the endless wonders of Larsosheem. You get used to it after a while, he said. I wasn't sure I ever would.
Then, came the voices. A roar like that of the wind in a gale washed over my ears, engulfing me in a sound I could not have imagined previously. Where was I in such a roar? What could exist in this torrentuous outpouring of humanity, maintain existence while attacked from so many fronts. I braced myself against it and continued walking, Ivmoshk saying nothing to my quivering features. The city had no wall, so we walked right into bedlam, navigating through shoving crowds and hawking merchants to our destination. Or, rather, Ivmoshk walked to the Grand Tower. I was instead captured in the crush of population while dark face walked away, either not knowing or not caring that I had been left behind.
"No!" I cried, but my voice was weak in this overwhelming tide, and I was swept away from my only anchor.
Once Ivmoshk was gone, the population of Larsosheem was free to do with me as they wished. A man missing half his fingers shoved a goblet into my mouth, only five, four for this packet of teeth, whoops almost fell, three for a ring, ten to the eye says the man with a patch, seven a drink for the couple what could he mean who's that he's gone, twenty for a room that sounds nice where's my money, where are my clothes, how's my food is everything gone? Like that and it's vanished, a dark chuckle near my ear I turn he isn't there the voices now they rise they fall I'm finished it's gone it's worthless I'm worthless how has this occurred I must escape there's no escape I can't go on I can't give up please just let me go! The tower I can't see it's so hard to move I'm being crushed I can't breathe wait is that let me out out out!

I collapsed, finally, into a deserted alleyway, sobbing. My relief and shame, then, were so great that I never even considered why this out of all the alleys was void of those endless crowds. Why had I let him get away? The once impressive Grand Tower had fallen before lower Larsosheem's might, and I had been unable to even see it with so many people around, let alone travel towards the thing. I was now without money, food, or spare clothing in a city designed to eat me alive, with no hope of reaching shelter, and only this alley to keep me company. Was I truly destined to die here, simply because of a second's lapse?
"Don't worry dearest, you won't die while I'm here," the voice sounded like brittle, now breaking bones, their dust rattling over stairs, doors, and alleyways to seat itself within my frozen ears. A woman ancient as the stones on which she stood was in front of me, wrinkled, gaping maw opening towards me, swallowing me whole. Where can I find light in a land with no stars its consuming me I can't-
No, don't panic. It's fine. You're fine. Everything's fine.
"Oh, and you'll find me fine as well, mageling," she cackled at that word, though I couldn't tell why, "I've come to give you a message." A message? And was she reading my thoughts as they ran through my head? How?
"We'll leave that up to speculation, shan't we," she cackled again. Leaning in close now,
"I know you. I know your very soul. I've come to say that you are not like those you have come to meet. That they are the greatest danger in this world to your existence. That if I were you, I think it would be best to," the face moved to fill my entire field of vision, voice dropping to an almost soundless, endlessly hoarse whisper, "RUN!" She stepped back, nodded, then melted into the crowd.
Right, that just happened, the crush was starting towards me with her gone, so I didn't have time to dwell on what she had said. Her manner of speaking outside the box, however, had given the idea for a new plan: escape to the rooftops and figure out what to do after that.
That in mind, I started looking for ways up. The drainpipe was too thin, that window too narrow... there! An exhausted, rusty ladder leaning on the building for who knows what reason. The citizens of Larsosheem were getting quite close, however, so I started a dead sprint towards it. In Everas, I had never been the best runner, always caring more about what others thought of me than how quickly I could make it to some particular tree, but now, I would have made even Jecketh proud. leaping onto the second rung, I scrambled upwards before the faceless mass could attempt my capture once again, barely making it to the top before someone picked up the ladder and simply started walking away. I could have died there and he... maybe he wants it for money or something? But why...I didn't think I would ever get used to this city.
Looking around, I could once more see the Grand Tower, and was once more astonished by its contrast with everything around me. What must happen to a city for the disparity to be so high? Even more surprisingly, I felt elation shining within me. I had braved the depths of the most terrible, tempestuous ocean ever known, and survived, well, slightly scathed, but survived nonetheless. Now, to find shelter and escape this freezing cold. The buildings in this section seemed stronger, and better organized than others. Lucky that, I thought, or I'd have fallen into someone's living room and been doubly in a mess. In any case, they were close enough that I could simply walk along their roofs. The first was easy enough, and the second like it. The third quickly fell to my prowess, and I was beginning to feel quite confident. Then came the fourth.
I saw it when dropping from the last building, that my only path forward looked to be ten feet in length, with only crowd beneath. I thought that a jump between them might be possible, would definitely be possible if I could run like earlier. It had to be done. Readying myself, I placed one foot, now somehow shoeless, in front, and one behind. I thought of the way in which Jecketh would always do this, adjusting my crouch to hopefully be more like his. It still felt awkward, unbalanced, and weak, but I had no other option. Slowly, I tested my right leg and then my left. Now for force. In one smooth motion, I pushed with every muscle in my body out of the crouch and into a sprint past the chimneys over the bricks, leaning into the leap I pushed with one foot on the edge of the world and
"Hey! What are you doing!" My body seemed to hang there for a moment, suspended over that ever-hated sea of humanity. Then, it was rushing up to meet me. A few seemed to stop and try backing away, but I couldn't tell with how fast everything was moving. The sky seemed so still up there, so peaceful. So different from all the chaos down here. I tried to remember the sky as I fell, as I... Why had I not hit the ground yet? I opened my eyes, and saw several men standing on the rooftop, frowning at me very intently. One of whom was Ivmoshk, dark face red and growling.
## III
Our journey back to the Grand Tower had been uncomfortably quiet, including entire minutes during which our parade, stepping around piles of waste and broken roads, would simply stare at me, as if to say 'this is your fault, solely and completely, and everyone hates you for it.'
I was almost relieved, therefore, when Ivmoshk finally spoke, saying "You, girl, are exceptionally stupid."
I wasn't sure how to respond against the force of his anger. I didn't feel as though I had done anything wrong. He had just left me, alone in that terrible city to die... And now *he* was mad at *my* actions?
"Do you have any explanation for what we just witnessed?" He continued.
"I&mdash; what do you mean 'witnessed?'" I asked, confused.
"I thought you would be one of the smart ones, that you would have figured it out by now," he sighed heavily, "I lost you intentionally in order to see how you would fare. I hadn't expected..."
I couldn't believe what I had just heard. I had been put through that nightmare by *design*? I opened my mouth to say something, anything about the injustice, not caring what they thought of me, but Ivmoshk started speaking again first.
"You spent almost a full day practically spinning in circles right where I had left you, being taken by just about every thief, pickpocket, and haggler in the entire city, before you somehow even managed to escape our view and then, when we finally find you, you're jumping off a..." His sighs were getting repetitive at this point. "I'm not even going to ask. Just... just go. Accrodin, take her." A short, hunched over man of slightly past middle age stepped forward, gesturing to me. He didn't speak, and neither did I, so my thoughts were left uninterrupted as I tried to figure out what had just occurred. *They... I can't. But what if it* is *my fault? What if I am truly just incompetent and should have done better? But what could I have done better? Leaving me in a foreign city with no idea of where to go... What am I doing here? What about that woman? Should I have just stayed with my family? I can't believe that they would do this!*
We had apparently entered the Tower when I wasn't paying attention, and the man with an unpronounceable name had stopped in front of a large, wooden door, an expression almost like terror stretching across his aged features.
He cautiously opened it, gesturing frantically that I should enter. Glancing through, I saw three beds positioned along the walls of a small alcove, and girls to match each one. Their eyes greeted me first, one pair wide, one green, one shut. Wide-eye's attached body was tall, with brown hair and a remarkably elven expression. Green was rather shorter than Wide-eye, and somewhat more plump as well. She was currently attempting to rectify Shut's being asleep.
"Nsoris. Now." Her voice was sharp against night's silence, too high and cheery for how tired I felt.
"I don't want to," she complained.
I jumped at the hand on my back. Cowly. I'd forgotten he was there, for a moment. His gestures were even more energetic now, and his face was rather exceptionally expectant. *Fine*, I thought, opened the door, and stepped over its threshold. Immediately, it was closed behind me, loud enough that even Shut left the land of dreams to glance at me.
"Don't knock the house down," she said, in a voice much more composed than I would have expected for someone who had been conscious for barely three seconds.
"I&mdash;"
"Oh, don't mind Nsoris there," Green said sweetly, "She's still adjusting to... y'know... being a human and all that."
"You&mdash;" Nsoris sprang from her bed like a tiger pouncing on a small, dirty rat. Her lithe movements seemed almost inhumanly dangerous, and Green's eyes went larger than those of Wide. In a second the girl had gone from insignificant layabout to predator circling, circling Green, ready to dart in at any moment and&mdash;
"Ouch," she groaned, from the floor, where she had fallen, over her very own feet. Green immediately starting guffawing as though her epitaph hadn't already appeared inscribed a single moment ago, Wide's demeanor dropped for a quick chuckle, and even I couldn't suppress a smile at the girl's juxtaposition.
"As I said, adjusting to humanity," Green said confidently.
"Tillian, leave off," said Wide-eye. "Nsoris, are you alright?" But the girl only growled from her place on the floor. Wide-eye straightened from where she was leaning over Nsoris, and walked over to me with the slightest swagger in her step.
"Sorry for that," she said, that elven expression creasing her face until I felt as though I was slowly suffocating under its power. "I'm called Kantiel," she said. "What can we call you?"
"It's... I'm..." My mouth felt dry, my tongue cold. "Virda."
"Virda," Green tested the name, tasted and spat it out. 
Nsoris, still just lying on the ground, pointed to herself and spoke without opening her eyes. "Nsoris." Then, pointing to Green, "Tillian." *I liked my name for her better*.
"How did you even know where I was standing?" Tillian asked.
"With my ears, dimwit," responded Nsoris.
Kantiel turned towards me again, still wearing that ethereal expression, and asked "from where have you come?"
"Watch out, she's started the list," Nsoris whispered loudly, "they get more difficult the longer you go on."
"I&mdash; I don't think I have a list?"
"Place of origin, occupation, mother's occupation, siblings, friends, father's occupation, leader, goals, manner of change," she replied.
"Fine, then," Kantiel said. "Why don't you do it this time?" she sniffed, raising her chin in an overly haughty way.
"No. Tillian?"
"Of course," said Tillian. "Now, where are you from?" They started laughing, and I attempted - awkwardly - to join them.
"I... it's...(why are you pausing so much?) a small village outside of Larsosheem. A mage feeder, though they hated that. I&mdash; I'm apparently a mage now, though, so..."
"Oh, right! We're supposed to tell you how this will work," Kantiel jumped in. "You'll begin instruction tomorrow after the second bell, just follow us to the room."
"You aren't yet advanced enough to actually take lessons with us, though, so you'll be with a beginner's instructor." Tillian.
"Can you feel her energy, though? She's going to make it past initial lessons quite quickly," complimented Nsoris, finally getting up from the floor.
"Yes. And you can feel that from the ground?" asked Tillian dubiously.
"Anyway, would you happen to know what these lessons would be about?" I was beginning to get frustrated at their constant bickering.
"Oh, yes," responded Kantiel. "We'll be exploring the contents of your soul in order to determine what kind of mage you are," *What? I&mdash; I needed my soul to stay mine. What had that woman said? My parents had always talked about how you should never let anyone... What was I doing here?* A thump as I stepped backwards into the wall. *Hide, run and hide!* cried my heart, beating ever faster. *They didn't look concerned? Why weren't they concerned? We were in trapped a facility ruled by mages from which we could not escape and in that inescapable place we were forced to reveal the contents of our very souls? What would that even look like? Why weren't they scared?*
"It does sound like a lot, doesn't it?" asked Nsoris, seeing the reaction on my face. "We were all a bit scared at first."
"I wasn't," sniped Tillian.
"It seems miniscule in the ocean's face to me," reposted Kantiel. Nsoris sighed.
"I'm not just letting them look at my soul! I can't just..." I was shaken at how normally they were still all treating this. Had *Tillian* truly not been scared? What had happened to these people to make them think that the breaking of a soul's isolation was trivial? And they had implied that was only the first part!
"I can't just let everyone see into my soul. That's not how... I need to get out of here!" My breath was coming faster and faster now, my face growing ever colder. I tried to get my bearings in the darkened room, looked right, left, but couldn't see a thing. I turned uncaring and immediately ran into a table. My shin exploded with pain as I fell onto a chair, then the ground. I didn't even stop to contemplate the indignity, just crawled over to the wall where I frantically searched for a door, a window, a vent, anything which would let me escape from this awful house of madness. Yet it was entirely smooth. My hands found nothing but despair, my eyes nothing but shame. Kantiel was standing above me. *Kantiel, a perpetrator of this insanity!* My veins pulsed, stretching as if they were about to explode. She slowly moved her hand towards my shoulder. *Like I'm some wounded animal.*
"Virda." She spoke quietly but forcefully. "You're okay. No one is going to examine your soul tonight, and we can figure out what to do in the morning."
"But what if it's too late then? What if they force me? What if&mdash;"
Nsoris now stood above me, too. I felt like a child, crouching as my shin throbbed under their soft gazes. "Why do you care so much about not letting them look?"
"I can't just let. It's mine!" I glanced around again, looking for any exit at all. I couldn't calm down. My breath sounded forced and shallow. "I have to find a way out; I can't see..."
Nsoris grabbed my chin. "This is a new place, and you're scared. But you must understand that if every other person to pass through these halls has had an examination as well. That the examinations were put in place to *help* you. That there is no danger posed." Maybe... maybe she was right? But why did it feel so viscerally unnatural? Why was I shivering at the very thought of having my soul observed. My shin was still in pain. I looked at the table which I'd fallen over. It was fairly low, round with four legs, and had stools surrounding it. There was a small cloth in the center. Blue, it seemed, with an embroidered pattern. It was covered in scratches and... I grabbed my thoughts, forcing them to be calm and focused.
She stood back up. "Sorry for grabbing you. I can't..." She curled and uncurled her fingers helplessly. *I* can *do this*, I thought. I forcibly controlled way my lungs were moving oxygen. *It shouldn't be odd. They think it's normal. I should be able to follow suit*. I ignored the way my heart trembled at that thought.
"No, I think it helped," said Kantiel. "Look at her." I couldn't stand being discussed like I was a small animal anymore, so I stood up suddenly. *I can't believe what a scene that was*, I thought. *Falling over a table?*
"Sorry." I began. "It... it makes sense. You're right. What else do you have to say?"
"Oh my goodness is the crazy girl back to normal finally?" Called Tillian, still over by the beds.
"You're an idiot," replied Nsoris. Now, however, I didn't care about their argument. It was fine. I was normal. I just had to ignore how wrong everything about this was.
Kantiel side-eyed Tillian, then looked back at me, speaking in a normal conversation tone again. "After your examination, you'll be brought through basic magical training until you pass the test, and then you'll be ready to join us."
"Despite what Tillian would have you believe, our training isn't really that advanced yet. You'll catch up before too long. Even Kantiel has only been here for maybe a month." Said Nsoris.
"Yeah, maybe *your* training isn't that advanced," countered Tillian. Nsoris looked as though that one had actually gotten to her.
"Okay," I said, moving past the two and back towards the beds. Thankfully, it seemed as though my little stunt hadn't hurt anything major, although my left shin still hurt a bit. *Imagine if I was the girl who couldn't walk, too*, I thought.%%This is just a really long middle tag shut up%% "What am I going to do for tonight?"
"Oh, right!" Said Kantiel. "There *are* only three bunks." Well, I'd more been asking about everything else, but yeah, that was my question.
"Either you sleep in a bunk with one of us, or I can make Nsoris go with Tillian," Kantiel continued. The aforementioned bedmates of possibility started gagging simultaneously.
I glanced over at them. "Maybe... could I just sleep in yours?"
"Sure," I looked, but couldn't read what she had thought of that. Stupid darkness. "I'll take the lower berth. You two, fall to rest." Surprisingly, they actually complied, leaving the three bunked in what must have been record time.
"Go on. We'll find you more clothes and things tomorrow. For now just let it all go..." She exhaled, looked exceptionally comfortable in her place, and I found myself wishing *I* could sleep that easily. *Well, nothing left to do now,* I thought. The ladder was creaky, the bed hard, the sheets cold. Even bearing these, I found myself falling away almost immediately.
Thus ended my first day at the tower of the Grand Elite.
## IV
The next day began slowly, as I woke before anyone else. Peering down my ladder, I remembered what exceptional noise it had caused the night before, and, not wishing to subject myself to the criticism which would be invoked on that noise's reoccurrence, decided to simply stay in bed and observe the room around me. It had no windows, but the hall outside contained enough that I could see by a dark blue light coming from under the door. The aforementioned door looked strong and wooden, its iron handle tough and hinges nigh unbreakable. *What is that powerful door doing in a place of scholarship?* Glancing at the walls, they formed a smooth surface of lightly white paint, interrupted only by small glyphs occasionally scattered about. The floor was even less interesting, without even any rugs to cover its bare boards.
I then turned to the other girls. Kantiel below looked to be having the most peaceful sleep imaginable, and I again envied her contented smile in rest. Tillian was rather the opposite, her tossed-about appearance made me feel pity for her. Or, it would have, if my conscience had ever decided to start working again. Nsoris had apparently decided that her best course of action would be to sleep while crouching on her pillow.
Glancing at the table I had fallen over yesterday, its cloth was embroidered beautifully, spattered with glyphs around a central image of a woman holding out her arms so as to do magic of some sort. The blue coloration varied throughout, such that the woman's linework was a dark color, but around her hands, it lightened almost to white. *I still can't believe I just fell over it. I was so scared... and for what? Their arguments were logical. My feelings should have nothing to do with this. What if Tillian tells all the others? She's definitely going to tell all the others. Am I going to be known as the insane girl on my* first *day? I wonder who that woman is. What do those glyphs mean? Is it late enough for me to get down yet? I hope they don't hate me.* Despite my thoughts, it felt quite nice to simply sit there, awake before anyone else, basking in the light of the sun. On this morning, my sheets felt warmer, my clothing less stained, my mind less fragmented. I could barely even hear my heart's fear, ever-present since the night before.
But why *was* my heart so afraid? What did it mean? I reflected upon the woman's warning. *'You are not like them'.* But how? Without any more information, I could not determine what was to come. There was, however, the convenient point that the facility of which my heart was so deeply scared happened to double as a school. *It is time,* I thought, *to suck the knowledge from this building for all that I am worth.*

In all the books I had read, schools always contained large libraries, so visiting this one's would be the first objective. My fear of the ladder's noise gave way easily, and I climbed to the ground, though as quietly as I could. Maybe a huge revelation had been made, but I would still prefer that the others didn't hate me *too* much. I followed the instructions Kantiel had given me for getting ready, finishing by the time our door's light had shifted to pale orange. I placed my hand on the door, ready to begin my mission at last, when a voice from behind stopped me.
"Where are you going, Virda? It's rather early to be about." I turned around to see Tillian propped up on her pillows, speaking to me through the slats of her bottom bunk's frame. I removed my hand from the door.
"I... I wanted to see the library. Would you happen to know where it is?" I asked, hopeful that she would just forget about what had happened last night.
"I do, actually. But I wanted to speak with you first," she said. "About last night." *Well, that's annoying.*
"A-Alright. What do you want to know?"
"I'd like to apologize, actually. I realize that I was rather mean to you, and I'm sorry." Her eyes were begging for forgiveness, and her mouth opened in a little pout. I couldn't tell at all whether she was being genuine.
I shifted uncomfortably. "Thank you." I placed my hand upon the handle, and prepared to lift it.
"Wait! I just wanted to explain." She reached a hand towards me. I dropped mine from the handle once more, a little annoyed at how long this was taking.
"Thank you," said Tillian. "I&mdash; you&mdash; your being here is..." 
She continued. "With Kantiel and all... Nsoris too. They're such... I..."  Her voice was shaking. "They've been here longer than me, but I'm stronger than either. I think that&mdash; I&mdash; Ivmoshk says so." were those tears on here face? What was happening?
"But like Nsoris said, you... and you're... it's only because of my power! I&mdash; I can't&mdash; can... can you just&mdash;" she turned away suddenly.  "Look, just go to your library or whatever! It's three rights and&mdash;" she sniffled, "and a left."
I had no idea what she was talking about, but any invitation to escape from that awful scenario sounded amazing at that moment. I practically ran out of the room, glancing back only once, towards the faint sobs which had begun behind me. *What just happened? Is she okay? What did I do to her?*
I actually managed to follow Tillian's directions, and the library doors stood in front of me before I had fully processed our 'conversation.' But I couldn't wait any longer. I *had* to know more about myself and the magic I supposedly possessed.
I opened the door, ready to finally discover my future, then immediately shut it again. Ivmoshk. Browsing the row of shelves right by this door. *What is he doing here? I could hide by the door and wait until he leaves. But what if he stays there until I have to attend class? I* have *to know more. Fine.* I opened the door again, and stepped through as quietly as I could. *Maybe he won't notice me.*
The room itself was rather less impressive than I had imagined. Just one, normal-sized floor of shelves. They lay in rows of eight, with a center aisle splitting the middle of each row. Every row had shelves in a different style, Ivmoshk's being of simple, unpainted wood. I noticed it then. *Ivmoshk why are you reaching for books on the* opposite *side! All I want to do is learn things. Why is that so much to ask when I'm at an actual school!* I decided that maybe he was *so* engrossed in his reading, he wouldn't even notice a small girl ducking stealthily under his book. *Just one step, then another. Lift your feet higher so they don't brush the ground. He's looking at his book. Closer. Just a little closer. If he looked up now, he would most definitely see you. Just keep being quiet. Page turn. Go! Soft step, crouch down, shuffle, almost lose your balance, shuffle, shuffle, right under his nose now. Forward, don't stop. You can do this. Oh goodness why did he drop a book here flail, flail your arms, keep moving forward, don't, please don't fall, lean, anything please don't*&mdash
"Ufh." I was too embarrassed to even apologize. Just lay there, wondering if I would ever be released from the dungeon after this.
"Oh. Hello, Virda." Wait. His face. It was light! I could have cried, then, for relief. His amused face continued. "You *could* have simply asked me to move over. I would have obliged."
"Yes," I croaked. "But I was just scared that... you know..."
"Oh, yes," he replied, tone slightly less jovial. "I see. Well, what are you looking for, in the library this early?"
"I'm not really sure. I just wanted to know what magic even *is*."
"Interesting. Accrodin would have taught you that in class today, actually, but now would also be acceptable. Rewarding initiative and all that." He made a hand motion and started walking, so I followed him. We ended up at shelves carved to look like red vines, their ropy tendrils holding books so unevenly that several looked to have already fallen over.
"This is the section for basic magic. Start right there," he pointed towards the far right, "and work your way left. If you can cover it fast enough, you might be able to join your roommates before the week is out." He smiled at me, started walking back to the first row, then stopped.
"If you ever see an unpainted shelf, built of gnarled logs like faces, don't go near it. The books within aren't meant for mortal eyes; touching it will cause an extremely painful death." Well, I had been planning to wander around the library some, but maybe I would actually not do that, and instead start on the book he had pointed me to.
It was titled *An Introductory Glimpse at the Soul*.
		You may have heard fairy tales depicting elves and wizards casting magic spells to conjure food or command the elements. I will begin this book with the note that true magic is nothing at all like that. True magic cannot create something from nothing, and only controls a single element. That one element, however, is the most versatile of all: time. Now, you may also have heard tales about time travel, and currently be wondering how long we have until some errant spell rewrites our entire history and existence. True time magic, however, is also nothing like that. The weave of time is so complex that no human can hope to influence the entire thing, let alone understand it. Thus, true magic can at last be wholly understood as the ability to affect an object's passage through time. The remaining chapters will be dedicated to various means by which these powers can be used.
The book was so engaging that I lost track of time. I had lived under the rule of the mages for my entire life, but had never truly known what they were capable of. Just that entire villages worth of produce were required to feed their seemingly inconsequential magic. Now, however, I saw. Though the book's introduction had focused on how limited true magic was, it's chapters were all about versatility. Mages could heal themselves, increase their strength, call storms, and conjure attacks. I knew that I was probably supposed to have eaten at some point, but the book was just so interesting that I ignored my stomach's growing pleas. I was finished before the light had turned to light, and recovered from the experience just shortly afterwards.
*That was amazing. Do you think they'd let me do this every day?* I left the library, trying to remember Kantiel's directions. *How much more is there to magic? Such wonders I'll be able to learn here.* There was the door. I opened it apprehensively.
"We *just* sent Accrodin to fetch you. I suppose at least you're here now. We'll wait for him to return," Tillian's voice assaulted me the moment I entered the room. *I forgot about her. Is she just going to act like nothing happened?*
"She just got here," complained Kantiel. "You can hold off accusations for a *few* seconds. You weren't at breakfast. Have you eaten anything?"
"Oh. Um." I hadn't thought about that part, or the fact that I hadn't had a full meal since yesterday morning.
Kantiel sighed. "Well, lunch is soon, at least. I&mdash;"
Ivmoshk loudly entered the room. "All right, return to your places. Virda, you can listen in the back." His face was *still* light.
"I'm first," said Tillian. "Nsoris, I'll go against you."
"Too scared for Kantiel?" she asked wryly. Tillian just grabbed a chicken in a pouch and walked to the center of the room, standing at a large rectangle painted in read. Nsoris reluctantly followed her. The instant they were both in position, a wall of beads swung down to separate them. Some beads were very large, others quite small. Some lines were packed to overflowing, some contained just a single bead.
Kantiel had sat by me in the back of the room, and started explaining their challenge. "Each person's goal is to swing their beads into the other." 
Tillian made the first move, punching the very largest bead with all her strength. Nsoris stepped out of its way with that feline grace from yesterday, then struck a number of lighter lines in quick succession.
"This is the starting phase," continued Kantiel. "Here, they'll give some initial energy to the beads, which can be used during the main portion. They want to get as many beads swinging towards the other person as possible, so as to make it easier in the future."
Tillian stepped backwards quickly to avoid Nsoris' beads, but ended up almost falling backwards over a line painted red on the ground. The taller girl smirked, and sent even more beads at her opponent. Tillian, however, was not to be defeated that easily. She placed on hand on her chest, and the other at the beads. I heard a distinct crunch as her chicken withered greatly, its bones folding together like so many sticks in a pile. Her fall reversed into a balance regained, and the beads which had been hurtling towards her now sped in the opposite direction at twice their original speed.
"Now the main phase begins," whispered Kantiel, but I was so enraptured by the contest that I barely heard her speaking. Nsoris had ducked under Tillian's riposte at a faster speed than should have been possible, rolling along the floor, then kicking a large swath of still unmoving beads to the other side. Her chicken had barely been used at all, and increasingly chaotic environment favored her much more than Tillian, who now looked almost rotund in comparison. Nsoris leapt over and under beads, stepping around and around in a dizzying dance to never lose her balance. Again and again, she struck immobile beads towards Tillian, whose chicken was growing more desiccated by the second. I dimly heard Kantiel say something else, but at this point, I didn't care. *This* was what I wanted to learn. Just look at all the power magic holds.
Tillian stopped suddenly, standing still before the tide of beads rushing towards her. Every single line was swinging now, and it looked as though there was nothing she could do. She, however, simply raised her hands and froze every bead coming towards her.
"Good fight, Nsoris. You did well. But everyone knows you can't do *real* magic." The other girl simply nodded, raising her hands in surrender. I noticed that her chicken was still fizzling, and one of Tillian's lines wasn't quite so frozen as the others. But it wasn't nearly enough. Tillian waved her hand dismissively, exploding her chicken into dust as several lines *flew* back to Nsoris. The girl could go fast, inhumanly so. But even she couldn't dodge that maelstrom. I noticed that she flinched, hard, when some of the especially heavy beads hit her. But she didn't say anything. She simply took them, then walked slowly out of the rectangle.
## V
Tillian was even more boastful than usual at lunch. I hadn't spoken to Nsoris much, but I assumed that she wasn't normally so very quiet. Kantiel had left, presumably to sit with other friends. The room contained a large number of tables, each with six chairs, but nobody else had come to sit at ours. So I was left to endure Tillian by myself. Thankfully, the food was exceptional, and I was starving. Unfortunately, I couldn't eat any of it because Tillian kept interrupting me.
"Have you *seen* what I have to learn for sigils? If I don't score well enough here, Ivmoshk might move me down to an exemplary rating!" Her face looked very extremely horrified at that. I tried to look as inconspicuous as possible so she wouldn't notice me, but of course it didn't work.
"Virda, how do you feel about beadsport?" She dropped to a loud whisper. "That's what Nsoris and I were doing in class since you don't know."
"I... it looks interesting," I tried to keep my body language as closed as possible so as to dissuade her from continuing. It obviously didn't work.
"How would you describe my match against Nsoris?" She continued.
"It looked very fun. Nsoris and you both did really well," I said, hoping she wouldn't stick on the point of 'both.'
"Yes, I *and* Nsoris did well," she chuckled. "That's&mdash;"
"Okay, Tillian!" Nsoris snapped. "You won, yes, you're better than me, hurrah, but you don't have to keep going on about it. I competed just like you. There were many times where it could have gone either way. You aren't helping anything by talking like that." She stormed off to sit at another table.
Tillian looked subdued, for a moment. "Hey, Given her logic, anyone would deserve respect just for partaking in a competition. Who else wants to play?" Honestly, I did. After how much she had demeaned me, I wanted to prove that she was wrong. Everyone had spoken about my power. Maybe I should figure out just how much I had. Plus, it looked kind of fun, even if I wasn't likely to win.
When I suggested myself, Tillian grinned with such malice that I shivered, knowing exactly how much she was going to enjoy this. Yet there was no opportunity to back down now.

I almost dropped the chicken pouch because of how sweaty my palms were. It fit loosely over my shoulders, as if it had been designed for an entirely different kind of human. A kind which wasn't about to get absolutely pummeled by Tillian, who had just made the lioness girl look weak. *At least it will be over quickly?* But then Kantiel looked at me. Not just a casual glance, but a full-on *look* of encouragement and trust. I'd hardly known this girl one day, but with a look like that, I couldn't simply give up. I had to at least try to make this girl proud, who would give a look like that to someone like me.
The game was about the usage of magic, but I didn't know how. The book I'd read hadn't covered much about actually putting magic into practice. All It had stated was that exceptional concentration and intent were required. So, I braced myself for impact.
Tillian began simply, toying with. She effortlessly hit a line in my direction, and the dodge I made almost caused me to fall out in the very first moments. *Well, at least it lasted longer than that.* I started concentrating, trying to get just the one line which was already swinging to go a little bit faster. I thought that it was working, but couldn't really&mdash; *Wow that was close. Should really pay better attention if I'm already at a disadvantage.* Another line swung towards me, then another. *Left, right, don't fall down. You'll have to jump over this one. She's preparing another strike, so make sure to move away.* Slowly but surely, Tillian was wearing me down. And she'd hardly used her chicken at all. I had to switch this up. I had to admit to myself that my feeble attempts at magic weren't actually doing anything. I batted a line towards her, and Kantiel flashed an approving glance at me.
"I was planning to draw this out for longer," she said. "But this is honestly getting rather boring." She held up one lazy hand and should have ended it all right there. But I couldn't let Kantiel down, couldn't let myself down by simply giving up. Ignoring everything the book had told me, I looked inside myself. There, I finally found a handhold, and reached for it with all my strength. I heard what sounded like a distant scream as every line snapped directly towards Tillian, who could only watch in stunned silence as she was engulfed in a flood of marble and wood.
I heard nothing but silence for a long time after that. I wasn't sure what I had done, or why it had happened. I'd *just* spent an entire morning reading about how magic couldn't create energy, couldn't do anything by itself. Yet here I stood, having evidently done just that.
An opening door snapped us from our surprise. "Hello," said Accrodin. "Beadsport? Who won?"
Kantiel lifted her head, now looking at me almost with horror. "Virda," she said. "Virda won." Tillian just stared at her hands as Accrodin retracted the beads, unmoving as they clinked and trembled around her.
Accrodin laughed, bright and loud against that moratorial atmosphere. "Now *that's* unexpected. Good job, Virda. Thanks for going easy on her, Tillian."
He stepped to the front of the room. "Ivmoshk won't be returning for the rest of today, so I'll teach your lesson. Given your performance just now, you can join us, Virda, and we'll be moving your examination to tomorrow. Stand for glyphs." He led us through a series of motions which were apparently supposed to make drawing magic in a certain way easier. I followed numbly in their motions, but couldn't seem to make my hands and mind move at the same time. I simply felt wrong, even more than after my fall. Eventually, Accrodin simply told me to sit down, and I stared at the wall until it was time to leave class.

When third meal came, the others tried to convince me that I should go and eat with them, but I just shook my head. Eventually, they left me alone, sitting curled in a corner. *One whole meal today. Great job not starving to death, Virda.* I shifted. The walls at my back made me feel safe, but they were getting quite uncomfortable. *What happened to me? Why do I still feel as though I know nothing? The book was supposed to help, to give me an understanding of myself. But it was worthless.* Yet Ivmoshk had spoken about one other section, of a rather different sort.
I stood up. Ivmoshk had implied that the shelves I sought were not always in the same spot, that they did not follow our understanding of reality or of magic. In my heart, however, I knew that they would appear for me. And maybe my heart had led me astray with its insistence on not being seen, but then again maybe it hadn't. I clearly wasn't normal. It felt as though my time in the city was so long ago, but that woman's words kept coming back to me. *You are not like them.* Looking back, my heart hadn't ever been wrong, but the Grand Tower's teaching almost always had been. I was done mistrusting myself for them. I would do what my heart told me to, and in this moment, every muscle in my body wanted to sprint towards the library.
It was quiet and dark when I arrived. There was nobody to call for help if the books did, in fact, have some horrible effect on my health. But I'd made myself a promise, so I continued onward. There, in the very back, a new shelf loomed larger than any of the others. It looked ancient, even more than this tower. I approached it softly, reverently. No mortal eyes were meant to view it, but I did not feel mortal any longer. Not with my heart pulling me so hard, the magic from today thrumming through me so strong. I knew the book before I saw, it, had known it since before entering the library. A simple cover, black all around. On the front lay three silver words.
*Reality of Magic.*
		As you know, mages are formed by a supplanting of the soul (What?). But problems can occur in the old soul's removal, as with one whose supplantation leaves half an old self and half a new (Ivmoshk?). This position is exceptional, but failed to grant any interesting forms of magic. There is, however, a different way in which supplantation can go wrong. In the event that a new soul fails to take over the old, that old soul will gain access to Deep Magic. Supplantation is the easiest means by which magic can be accessed, but it has definite downsides. The largest of these is that travel without a host causes the supplanter to reduce in scope, removing its ability to access Deep Magic. The typical mage is left without any abilities but that which is innate to the soul; manipulation of time. Thus, if the supplantation fails, then the original soul is left displaced enough to form magic, yet preserved enough to access the power of Deep Magic. Individuals with this power, called Witches, possess such exceptionally dangerous power that they are killed on sight.
There it stood. I was not a Mage. I was not like them. My true nature was that of the Witch. But then... *It said that Witches are supposed to be killed on sight. Are they going to kill me? What do I do? I don't know how to use normal magic, let alone whatever Deep Magic is. I&mdash; I don't want to die. I've only just gotten to know these people, and now... maybe they don't know? But how long could I hide here, pretending to be a mage? They have to know that something about me is wrong, after that fight.*
A door slammed open, and light burst into the library. A heavy stride, walking directly towards me. *They can't see, can't know what I am!* I hurriedly replaced the book on the shelf. The steps were coming closer now, much closer.
"Virda," they said. "I know you're in here. Why don't you come and talk to me. I have some *very* important things to talk to you about." Ivmoshk's voice echoed through the empty shelves. I searched frantically for a way out. There was only one walkway through the shelves, and given that Ivmoshk was currently walking down it, I didn't think that would be the most useful to me. I looked around for a rope, a ladder, a secret passage, anything I could use to get out of here. Eventually, they settled on Ivmoshk, dark face glaring right above me.
"There you are," he said. He was wearing a pouch filled with *three* separate chickens. Looked as though he wasn't taking any chances on my getting out of this alive. "I heard what happened after I left. I'd always known what you truly were, but my lesser side disagreed. It argued that you would make an exceptional mage, noted how studious you were, tried everything to convince me to ignore the obvious signs. I, in my weakness, listened to it." He began hitting himself on the side of the head. "Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!"
His pouch of chickens was leaning awfully close to me now, so I snatched one of the chickens from inside. Ivmoshk immediately growled, lunging at me using palms readied with magic. Panicking, I reached for my handhold again, and the books on the shelf behind me shot directly towards Ivmoshk. I took advantage of the distraction to sprint away as quickly as I could. Ivmoshk, however, waved his hand, and I could see a flash as both me and the books were stopped in their tracks.
"Can't escape from me that easily," he said. "Now, come back here." My body started running in reverse, failing to obey my commands no matter how hard I sent them. Again, I looked desperately for anything to save me, but without control of my own hands, what could I even hope to accomplish? I looked inward. With Tillian a handhold had saved me at the last moment. Maybe now I could find one to&mdash; There! I followed my heart's direction, and yanked on it, harder even than I had with Tillian, and a bubble softly enveloped me. Again, I could control my limbs, and I made use of them by restarting my sprint in the opposite direction. *What other handholds were there for me to grasp?*
Ivmoshk yelled loudly, "maybe I can't control your body, but the things in this room are still mine to command. That door won't open unless I release my hold on it." Would have been nice if I could find a handhold for teleportation, but at least I still had these two. My chicken, however, was not looking very happy at the magic required for my bubble, and was withering with great speed. I needed to find another way out, and *fast*. I ducked around a shelf after hearing a woosh behind me, and peeked back to see Ivmoshk throwing books with superhuman speed. And he was coming closer. Still. Just one more handhold, maybe it'll be enough. I reached again, making sure to follow my heart, and pulled.
A thump sounded as I slammed against the floor. Disoriented, I looked up to see that I had somehow gone *through* that bookshelf into the one behind. I could make it past the door! But my chicken was little more than a bag of bones now, so I had to be very fast.
"Through the bookshelf?" Ivmoshk asked incredulously. "Well, it doesn't take *that* long to set these back up again." He started shoving bookshelves, utilizing their resonant frequencies in order to topple one, then another, then another. I was running out of places to hide, until... now! I sprinted forward, grabbed his final chicken right from the pouch in which it sat, and was gone before his face stopped registering surprise.