&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;The next day began slowly, as I woke before anyone else. Peering down my ladder, I remembered what exceptional noise it had caused the night before, and, not wishing to subject myself to the criticism which would be invoked on that noise's reoccurrence, decided to simply stay in bed and observe the room around me. It had no windows, but the hall outside contained enough that I could see by a dark blue light coming from under the door. The aforementioned door looked strong and wooden, its iron handle tough and hinges nigh unbreakable. *What is that powerful door doing in a place of scholarship?* Glancing at the walls, they formed a smooth surface of lightly white paint, interrupted only by small glyphs occasionally scattered about. The floor was even less interesting, without even any rugs to cover its bare boards.
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;I then turned to the other girls. Kantiel below looked to be having the most peaceful sleep imaginable, and I again envied her contented smile in rest. Tillian was rather the opposite, her tossed-about appearance made me feel pity for her. Or, it would have, if my conscience had ever decided to start working again. Nsoris had apparently decided that her best course of action would be to sleep while crouching on her pillow.
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;Glancing at the table I had fallen over yesterday, its cloth was embroidered beautifully, spattered with glyphs around a central image of a woman holding out her arms so as to do magic of some sort. The blue coloration varied throughout, such that the woman's linework was a dark color, but around her hands, it lightened almost to white. *I still can't believe I just fell over it. I was so scared... and for what? Their arguments were logical. My feelings should have nothing to do with this. What if Tillian tells all the others? She's definitely going to tell all the others. Am I going to be known as the insane girl on my* first *day? I wonder who that woman is. What do those glyphs mean? Is it late enough for me to get down yet? I hope they don't hate me.* Despite my thoughts, it felt quite nice to simply sit there, awake before anyone else, basking in the light of the sun. On this morning, my sheets felt warmer, my clothing less stained, my mind less fragmented. I could barely even hear my heart's fear, ever-present since the night before.
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;But why *was* my heart so afraid? What did it mean? I reflected upon the woman's warning. *'You are not like them'.* But how? Without any more information, I could not determine what was to come. There was, however, the convenient point that the facility of which my heart was so deeply scared happened to double as a school. *It is time,* I thought, *to suck the knowledge from this building for all that I am worth.*
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;In all the books I had read, schools always contained large libraries, so visiting this one's would be the first objective. My fear of the ladder's noise gave way easily, and I climbed to the ground, though as quietly as I could. Maybe a huge revelation had been made, but I would still prefer that the others didn't hate me *too* much. I followed the instructions Kantiel had given me for getting ready, finishing by the time our door's light had shifted to pale orange. I placed my hand on the door, ready to begin my mission at last, when a voice from behind stopped me.
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;"Where are you going, Virda? It's rather early to be about." I turned around to see Tillian propped up on her pillows, speaking to me through the slats of her bottom bunk's frame. I removed my hand from the door.
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;"I... I wanted to see the library. Would you happen to know where it is?" I asked, hopeful that she would just forget about what had happened last night.
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;"I do, actually. But I wanted to speak with you first," she said. "About last night." *Well, that's annoying.*
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;"A-Alright. What do you want to know?"
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;"I'd like to apologize, actually. I realize that I was rather mean to you, and I'm sorry." Her eyes were begging for forgiveness, and her mouth opened in a little pout. I couldn't tell at all whether she was being genuine.
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;I shifted uncomfortably. "Thank you." I placed my hand upon the handle, and prepared to lift it.
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;"Wait! I just wanted to explain." She reached a hand towards me. I dropped mine from the handle once more, a little annoyed at how long this was taking.
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;"Thank you," said Tillian. "I&mdash; you&mdash; your being here is..."
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;She continued. "With Kantiel and all... Nsoris too. They're such... I..."  Her voice was shaking. "They've been here longer than me, but I'm stronger than either. I think that&mdash; I&mdash; Ivmoshk says so." Were those tears on her face? What was happening?
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;"But like Nsoris said, you... and you're... it's only because of my power! I&mdash; I can't&mdash; can... can you just&mdash;" she turned away suddenly.  "Look, just go to your library or whatever! It's three rights and&mdash;" she sniffled, "and a left."
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;I had no idea what she was talking about, but any invitation to escape from that awful scenario sounded amazing at that moment. I practically ran out of the room, glancing back only once, towards the faint sobs which had begun behind me. *What just happened? Is she okay? What did I do to her?*
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;I actually managed to follow Tillian's directions, and the library doors stood in front of me before I had fully processed our 'conversation.' But I couldn't wait any longer. I *had* to know more about myself and the magic I supposedly possessed.
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;I opened the door, ready to finally discover my future, then immediately shut it again. Ivmoshk. Browsing the row of shelves right by this door. *What is he doing here? I could hide by the door and wait until he leaves. But what if he stays there until I have to attend class? I* have *to know more. Fine.* I opened the door again, and stepped through as quietly as I could. *Maybe he won't notice me.*
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;The room itself was rather less impressive than I had imagined. Just one, normal-sized floor of shelves. They lay in rows of eight, with a center aisle splitting the middle of each row. Every row had shelves in a different style, Ivmoshk's being of simple, unpainted wood. I noticed it then. *Ivmoshk why are you reaching for books on the* opposite *side! All I want to do is learn things. Why is that so much to ask when I'm at an actual school!* I decided that maybe he was *so* engrossed in his reading, he wouldn't even notice a small girl ducking stealthily under his book. *Just one step, then another. Lift your feet higher so they don't brush the ground. He's looking at his book. Closer. Just a little closer. If he looked up now, he would most definitely see you. Just keep being quiet. Page turn. Go! Soft step, crouch down, shuffle, almost lose your balance, shuffle, shuffle, right under his nose now. Forward, don't stop. You can do this. Oh goodness why did he drop a book here flail, flail your arms, keep moving forward, don't, please don't fall, lean, anything please don't*&mdash;
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;"Ufh." I was too embarrassed to even apologize. Just lay there, wondering if I would ever be released from the dungeon after this.
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;"Oh. Hello, Virda." Wait. His face. It was light! I could have cried, then, for relief. His amused face continued. "You *could* have simply asked me to move over. I would have obliged."
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;"Yes," I croaked. "But I was just scared that... you know..."
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;"Oh, yes," he replied, tone slightly less jovial. "I see. Well, what are you looking for, in the library this early?"
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;"I'm not really sure. I just wanted to know what magic even *is*."
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;"Interesting. Accrodin would have taught you that in class today, actually, but now would also be acceptable. Rewarding initiative and all that." He made a hand motion and started walking, so I followed him. We ended up at shelves carved to look like red vines, their ropy tendrils holding books so unevenly that several looked to have already fallen over.
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;"This is the section for basic magic. Start right there," he pointed towards the far right, "and work your way left. If you can cover it fast enough, you might be able to join your roommates before the week is out." He smiled at me, then walked back to the first row. Interesting. I'd been worried when Kantiel had said he would be our instructor, but if he was going to be like that the entire time, it might actually be okay.
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;The first book was titled *An Introductory Glimpse at the Soul*.
> You may have heard fairy tales depicting elves and wizards casting magic spells to conjure food or command the elements. I will begin this book with the note that true magic is nothing at all like that. True magic cannot create something from nothing, and only controls one thing. That one thing, however, is the most versatile element of all: time. Now, you may also have heard tales about time travel, and currently be wondering how long we have until some errant spell rewrites our history. True time magic, however, is also nothing like that. The weave of time is so complex that no human can hope to influence the entire thing, let alone understand it. Thus, true magic can at last be wholly understood as the ability to affect an object's passage through time. The remaining chapters will be dedicated to various means by which these powers can be used.